Changes our map_format to SIDE_MAP (#70162)
tgstation/tgstation: code/_onclick/hud/rendering/_render_readme.md

The following is an incomplete list of pitfalls that come from byond snowflake that are known, this list is obviously incomplete.

1. Transforms are very slow on clientside. This is not usually noticable, but if you start using large amounts of them it will grind you to a halt quickly, regardless of whether its on overlays or objs

> 2. The darkness plane. The darkness plane has specific variables it needs to render correctly, and these can be found in the plane masters file. it is composed internally of two parts, a black mask over the clients screen, and a non rendering mask that blocks all luminosity=0 turfs and their contents from rendering if the SEE_BLACKNESS flag is set properly. The blocker will always block rendering but the mask can be layered under other objects. (It also doesn't work with our rendering format, so this is academic)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The darkness plane. This is unused, as it doesn't work with our rendering format, so this section is purely academic. The darkness plane has specific variables it needs to render correctly, and these can be found in the plane masters file. it is composed internally of two parts, a black mask over the clients screen, and a non rendering mask that blocks all luminosity=0 turfs and their contents from rendering if the SEE_BLACKNESS flag is set properly. The blocker will always block rendering but the mask can be layered under other objects.
```

nit, should probably let people know faster
